make vite as the default frontend build tool (#1635)
vaadin/docs: articles/configuration/properties.asciidoc

`useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping`::
This flag can be used to enable the server-side bootstrapping mode which was used in Vaadin 14 and earlier versions.
Note that this option is only supported if webpack is used as the frontend build tool and not if the application uses Vite (which is the default).

> Webpack can be enabled using its associated feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable webpack using its associated feature flag.
```

`useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping`::
This flag can be used to enable the server-side bootstrapping mode which was used in Vaadin 14 and earlier versions.

.Vite
[NOTE]
Note that this option is only supported if Webpack is used as the frontend build tool and not if the application uses Vite (which is the default).

> Webpack can be enabled using its associated feature flag. Learn more about how to enable it <<{articles}/configuration/live-relaod/index#webpack-feature-flag, here>>.

Reviewer: I assume that "this" here is referring to `useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping`. Right? If so, I suggest adding the note to the  `useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping` description directly as follows:

_`useDeprecatedV14Bootstrapping`::
This flag can be used to enable the server-side bootstrapping mode which was used in Vaadin 14 and earlier versions. Note that this option is only supported if Webpack is used as the frontend build tool and not if the application uses Vite (which is the default).
Webpack can be enabled using its associated feature flag. Learn more about how to enable it <<{articles}/configuration/live-relaod/index#webpack-feature-flag, here>>._

Author: Done.
